CB term information (#953)
theupdateframework/tuf: docs/GOVERNANCE.md

More significant changes in the project, such as those that require a TAP or
changes in governance, are guided by a maintainer called the Consensus 

> Builder (CB).  The project's Consensus Builder (CB) is Justin Cappos 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Builder (CB), who has a lifetime appointment.  The project's Consensus Builder (CB) is Justin Cappos 
```

> <jcappos@nyu.edu, @JustinCappos> with a lifetime appointment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<jcappos@nyu.edu, @JustinCappos>.
```

The CB supervises changes in governance.  In the case where the CB cannot or elects not 
to do so, a quorum of the maintainers select the new CB as follows:

> The consensus builder may have a fixed term or may be a lifetime appointment.  Changes in the consensus builder or term is initiated by opening a github PR.  If a fixed term is specified, the PR should only be opened no earlier than 6 weeks before the end of the CB's term. The PR should be kept open for no less than 4 weeks. The PR can only be merged after the end of the last CB's term, with more +1 than -1 in the binding votes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The consensus builder may be appointed for a fixed term or it may be a lifetime appointment.  To initiate a change of consensus builder, or a change in the length of the appointment,   a github PR will be opened.  If a fixed term is specified, the PR should be opened no earlier than 6 weeks before the end of the CB's term, and  should be kept open for no less than 4 weeks. The PR can only be merged after the end of the last CB's term, with more +1 than -1 in the binding votes.
```

> The consensus builder may be appointed for a fixed term or it may be a lifetime appointment.  To initiate a change of consensus builder, or a change in the length of the appointment,   a github PR will be opened.  If a fixed term is specified, the PR should be opened no earlier than 6 weeks before the end of the CB's term, and  should be kept open for no less than 4 weeks. The PR can only be merged after the end of the last CB's term, with more +1 than -1 in the binding votes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The consensus builder may be appointed for a fixed term or it may be a lifetime appointment.  To initiate a change of consensus builder, or a change in the length of the appointment,  a GitHub PR must be opened.  If a fixed term is specified, the PR should be opened no earlier than 6 weeks before the end of the CB's term, and  should be kept open for no less than 4 weeks. The PR can only be merged after the end of the last CB's term, with more +1 than -1 in the binding votes.
```
